Allow/subscribe null pointer doc clarifications (#1831)
tock/tock: doc/Syscalls.md

are any pending callbacks for this callback ID, they are removed from the queue
before the new callback function is bound to the callback ID.

> A process can pass a null pointer as the callback argument to request the driver

Reviewer: I think this is much less clear than the previous documentation. It doesn't specify at all what happens with this "request" to disable the callback. When does the driver take it into account? Can a driver reject such a request?

Without any such guarantees that the callback is indeed disabled once the syscall returns, how can one program anything useful in userspace?

> A process can pass a null pointer as the callback argument to request the driver
> disable a previously set callback (besides flushing pending callbacks for this
> callback ID).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
A process can pass a null pointer as the callback argument to request the driver
disable a previously set callback. Note that it is possible for a pending callback
to be issued during the attempt to disable a callback. The callback is not disabled
until the call setting it to null returns.
```

Author: I'm not sure that is entirely accurate. Does something prevent the following sequence of events? (I'm not sure, as I haven't touched this code much)

1. A process calls `subscribe` to set a callback.
1. The driver triggers the callback. The callback is enqueued in the process' callback queue.
1. The process passes a null pointer to `subscribe` to disable the callback, and the driver correctly stops queueing callbacks for that subscription ID.
1. The process calls `yield` and the previously-queued callback runs.

Reviewer 2: Mhm, unfortunately I think you are correct. That is currently possible.

Again, I think I projected here what I would _want_ the kernel to do rather than what it does. My concern with the current interface is that it becomes unreasonable to write predictable apps. I think I would like to see the kernel handle this as described, but for now, what you wrote is accurate.

Author: +1 on "what I want the kernel to do != what the kernel does". I think that discussion is out of the scope of this PR, however, as changing how subscriptions work is not something that can be done quickly, and we should correct the documentation in the interim.

### 3: Allow

Allow marks a region of memory as shared between the kernel and application.
Passing a null pointer requests the corresponding driver to stop accessing the

> shared memory region.

Reviewer 2: I _think_ the intent was actually a strong revoke -- namely that if a capsule held an `AppSlice` it would fail on the next attempt to access that `AppSlice`. I'm not sure that's implemented, but I think that's still the aspiration.

We could consider updating this to caveat that this is imperfectly implemented, but I don't think we want to change this contract?

Reviewer 3: I think it should be as strong as the subscribe case. That is, there is expected behavior that the appslice will not still be used, but if the system doesn't behave that way then the fault lies with the capsule and not with the kernel.

Author: I've observed some disagreement between contributors on what the contract is. I want to resolve that by making the documentation reflect the current implementation (note that this is an important part of the Tock threat model).

I prefer to have a strong revoke, but that's a chance that will require a significant amount of engineering effort to implement.
